Haddock3 online user manual (#677)
haddocking/haddocking.github.io: software/haddock3/haddock3-manual/src/abinitio_docking.md

# Ab-initio / naive docking protocols

While HADDOCK is meant to use information from experiments, literature, or bioinformatic predictions to guide the sampling during the docking, sometimes such data is not available.
For these reasons, dedicated parameters can be turned **on** to perform *ab-initio* docking.

Three different ways of doing *ab-initio* docking in haddock3 are discussed below.

### Prior considerations

> - Ab-initio docking typically involves limited, if any, prior information on how the various chains involved should interact. As a result, producing good solutions relies heavily on a trial-and-error approach. Thus, to enhance the likelihood of generating good models, we strongly advise increasing the sampling density at `[rigidbody]` docking stage (using the `sampling` parameter).

Author: ```suggestion
- Ab-initio docking typically involves limited, if any, prior information on how the various chains involved should interact. As a result, producing good solutions relies heavily on a trial-and-error approach. Thus, to enhance the likelihood of generating good models, we strongly advise increasing the sampling at the `[rigidbody]` docking stage (by tuning the `sampling` parameter).
```
